- [Instructor] So now we're going to go through the process
of turning on a configuration server, using Spring Boot.
Back in your IDE, let's create a new module once again,
and again, you can do this through start.spring.io,
or with the plugins built in to your IDE.
I'm just going to use the built in plugin,
select Java 11, set this to com.frankmoley.lil,
and we're going to call this project config-server,
make sure we choose 11 here as well.
Now, I'm going to select down in the Spring Cloud Config,
the Config Server, select next, and select finish.
Now allow Maven to do it's importing here,
let me go ahead and open up this module.
The first place that I'm going to go is to source, main,
resources, and I'm going to open up the application.properties.
Now I want to specify where my server is going to run,
so we're going to run our server on port 9000,
we're also going to add a couple other properties
related to Spring Cloud,
so spring.cloud.config.server.git.uri,
and this is the URI where we're going to load our config from.
Now I'm on a POSIC system,
so I'm going to do it from $/Desktop/config,
case sensitive of course.
Now, if you're on a Windows machine,
you're going to want to do that to
$\\Desktop\\config,
and that's going to give you the same value.
Now we're going to add one more in here,
and that's going to be
spring.cloud.config.server.git.force-pull,
and we're going to set this equal to true,
that way we can make sure that we refresh our config server,
anytime we make a change.
Now we've got one more thing to add,
and that's going to be up in source, main, java,
in our base package, in our application.
We are going to add @EnableConfigServer,
and that's it, we're ready to go.
I'm going to bring up my run window here,
for my services, and I will start my config server.
Again, this is the same as running MAID,
or running it from the command line,
this is just how I'm choosing to do this right now.
Allow it to do all of it's compilation and downloading.
Now our service is up and running on port 9000,
so let's jump over to a web browser,
and where we're going to go is
we're going to go to localhost:9000,
and here's where the configuration starts to go.
So, we're going to go to guestservices/default,
and what you'll see is that the guest services properties
file gets loaded at guestservices/default
because we haven't specified our profile,
we just used raw properties so everything is default,
and you'll see that we have a server port here on line 16,
of 8800, and what that's saying is
that we've now loaded our configuration
and exposed it through a rest web service
so that anyone who reads this will get a server.port of 8800
as the configuration for the guestservices application,
and now we're going to get ready to use this,
in our next video.